yes we've come to the Pen-Y-Dre High
School in Merthyr Tydfil
and I'm keeping my voice down because we've
come here on mass but we've come here
in secret we're about to announce the
Student of the Year winner
for Wales for the Sky Sports Living for Sport
awards I need to tell you first what Sky
Sports Living for Sport is all about
it's a program that Sky Sports has been
heavily involved with, that has more than 1700
schools up and down the country in the
UK and Ireland
trying to use sport to improve children's
confidence and their life skills if you
like
as part of that we've got five winners
one from each country of
the home nations who'll be announced as our Student of the Year and we're doing that
on mass and as a big surprise if I have
a quick look at all the camera that is
also live in the classroom just behind
me
that is a normal sports theory lesson
going on those kids do not know we are
here
but look who they're about to meet. Oh, me.
It's Thierry Henry, Thierry why are you dressed like that?
You know just to surprise obviously Emma but
there is one thing you
know what she went through
you know in her life and try to get her life back on track I can actually
wear a wig
and and some fake glasses. He is about
to go in there
and say that you're their supply teacher
for the rest of the day that's why you got stuff on
and Emma Morgan's going to be our winner
why is she so special, what has she been through? Well she did struggle
for a little while you know especially
dropping something that she loves
especially swimming
and now back being a
straight A
student so she basically
lost her way
you know and not enjoying life she
wasn't enjoying life anymore and
through again sport,
swimming she got back into it
and getting again some
straight As and enjoying life that's one of the most important thing so
that's why we're here. Thierry this is gonna be a
special moment I'm gonna hang back
you go and do your thing in that
classroom good luck
Thank you Sir all the best have a good lesson
ok hi guys
I'm your new teacher. Obviously not!
obviously not obviously not
so you you are actually live
on Sky Sports News so you better behave
quiet quiet! I just wanted to say
that always dreamed about it
Yes
yes I'm milking it a bit
Emma? Is there an Emma here?
can you come here please
so we are actually here to honour you. You are the Sky
Sports Living for Sports Student of the
Year
for Wales
so this is your medal
there you go
thank you
you OK? let's have a quick chat with Emma, Emma
I'm sorry to do this to you but you are live
on Sky Sports News HD right now
what did you think when he came in
wearing those glasses and that wig
I was shocked, I wasn't expecting it
you've seen a couple of cameras around the place but you
really didn't know this was gonna happen
did you? No
ok let's chat a little bit about what
you've been through with the Sky Sports Living for Sport
Living for Sport
program you lost a lot of confidence and
you were a straight-A student
and then it all went a bit wrong for you
and you got it back
with the help of Sky Sports Living for Sport
how was that how was the hard times for
you
I felt very isolated I didn't want to be
around anyone
I didn't want I didn't wanna know about
school I was interested in anything
anymore
I lost all confidence in everything including
sports I stopped everything
but then the Sky Sports Living for Sport
initiative came to our school and it just
changed everything for me
I gained my confidence back and i became the best I could be
you're also I hear swimming again swimming
for Wales and you won a silver medal
recently as well is this right? Yeah last
year and I'm going again now to France this year
absolutely incredible let's have a chat with Thierry. Thierry, what do you make of what this
girl's been through because
you know about the pressure that you can
face when you're doing an awful lot of things
and and I'm working very hard at sport, she's come through all of that and is bigger
and better for it
Well confidence is key in everything and
especially is always important when a
kid can dream
but is something I want to say and I say
it all the time and people think that
sometimes it's because
I wanna be humble and stuff like that it's
not the case people was referring used
to
the word hero for us when we're actually
not heroes I only used to kick a ball
but in this type of situation like I always say, she's actually a hero.
you know, going through stuff that you
have to deal with in life and
and make sure that she was going to
put herself in the position again where
she could
enjoy life again so that's the type of a moment where
you can use the word hero,and obviously the people that do fight for their
country
but that's what I will say. While
we drag your mum and dad in here, are they coming? Where's Phil and Paula?
There they are at the back there we're gonna show some
pictures of you swimming cus we've got some
pictures of you swimming in action very
recently
and let's drag your mum and dad up here come on Phil and Paula, let's get you up here
look I shouldn't be standing there, you
stand next to your daughter because
listen you've been there for her every step of the way how proud are you today
Thierry Henry
our Sky ambassador has made this journey all this way
to announce how special your daughter is
well we can't really believe it to be honest
we thought we didn't know what we were coming here for today
we're so proud of you
um I'm a little speechless
but she's worked so hard after having
a real dip a few years back to get
life on track
her sport back on track we can't wait for her to go to France swimming again we hope she medals
again
we're right behind her and she's great she's done a fantastic job. Well I tell you what I've
never heard a classroom this quiet it's probably because we've got Thierry Henry here
Thierry when was the last time you were in a classroom?
I hear you met the head teacher today as
well? I think it's
you know I couldn't dream even of meeting a
headmaster and he was actually happy to
see me
you weren't in trouble today. I wasn't a guy that was
you know causing trouble at school but
definitely usually when you go to the
headmaster's office or when you meet him
he's not actually happy to see you so I
can actually claim that he was happy to
see me and that should prove when you work
pretty well you can have a headmaster being happy to see to see to
see
to see someone in his school. Let's have a final chat with Emma. Emma
on Sunday we have a rather special
program called the Sky Sports Living for
Sport
Awards, you are the National Student of
the Year for Wales
you'll be going up against Scotland,
Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland,
England to find an overall winner so
there's still more to come for you. But
listen we want to say congratulations
and thank you for all your efforts that
you've done with Sky Sports
Living for Sport let's have a big round of applause from all
of her friends
you can see the Sky Sports Living for Sport awards and see how Emma gets on, on Sky
Sports 1 on Sunday evening